All right. Good morning, almost afternoon, family. Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to go over some of the things we see in the news real quick and then we'll jump in the river.
We're going to pray for President Trump because he's headed to Turkey, and we're going to pray for him for this meeting, whatever he's doing.
We're going to cover him, his plane, and everything he eats; we have to cover him in prayer.
He'll be there for, I think, three days, so we're going to cover him the whole time he's there.
We have assignments, you know, and so we're going to pray over our nation.
But isn't Jesus wonderful? There were no major shootings or anything for the Fourth of July.
I don't think we had much; I think we only had one little bit of a little something, but it was nothing at all.
The hand of the Lord protected our nation, and you could sense it as we were praying.
There was a disturbance—I could feel it very strong all afternoon on the 4th, interceding for the firework shows.
But what I think is amazing is what happened regarding the firework shows.
I believe there was divine intervention for the fireworks shows concerning the mass casualties, shootings, and things like that.
As we see, go ahead and show all that happened. This is not normal.
43 major firework shows were cancelled across America, and they had to reschedule or delay.
43 major cities. That's not normal. Philadelphia, Chicago—go ahead and show them the list.
Oh, okay, you didn't get a list? That's what I asked you before we started.
I said, 'Don't start until you have that list of all the cities.'All right, it's fine. For one, Washington D.C. was a major one.
There were over 300,000 people that had gathered to watch the fireworks shows and the massive celebration.
Then a storm came out of nowhere with lightning and everything.
Everybody, they were telling, 'Get out of here.'They were flipping the tables over and making all the people leave.
So they went on and had the fireworks show, I think at midnight or 1:00 AM, and only 100,000 people out of the 300,000 showed up to come watch it again.
This is the District; this is where they cancelled the District. I know, but I was looking for...
do you have any little videos of the people saying they cancelled it?
There was one in Chicago that was delayed. Philadelphia...
I thought the big ones, because the Lord specifically told us to pray over Philadelphia.
Boston, Massachusetts. Praying over Boston. The Lord said, 'Pray over Boston.'And I kept interceding.
I prayed for Boston a lot and for the Red Sox, and there was stuff that got cancelled.
What is this right here? This is a Boston concert and fireworks.
Show them that. So all the Boston fireworks got cancelled or delayed.
I don't know if it was completely cancelled or if they went ahead and did it, but even all over the state of Oklahoma, a massive storm came in at 8:00 with 80 mph winds—90—blew trees over.
It was bad. It came out of nowhere. People say, 'Well, that's destructive.'Well, it's divine delays.
Regardless, people are going to do what they want to do; they're thick-headed.
But the Lord's trying to show you there's something to this.
The storms came in with 80 mile per hour winds over Oklahoma, blew all through Tulsa, Oklahoma City, Edmond, and they cancelled a lot of firework shows.
I don't know if they went ahead and redid them, but the terror in the heartland...
praying over the heartland. So they didn't have anything, and it was all done away with.
Then we have Washington D.C. It was major, and so it's very interesting to me.
Even New York City had stuff going on. Go ahead. Can you show some of it?
This is what the whole focus was today: to give God glory. This is what I was trying to show them.
Giving God glory for why I believe this was prayer. 'Welcome back to America 250. Events are being delayed in D.C.
because of that bad weather.'A spokesperson just moments ago from Freedom 250 putting out a statement saying, 'The safety of our guests, performers, and staff is our top priority due to approaching severe storms.
Freedom 250, the U.S. Secret Service, the Park Service, and National Park Service are asking guests to evacuate event grounds and seek temporary shelter in a nearby area.'We will continue to follow this as you look live over the Mall.
It doesn't look like everyone's leaving, but apparently, there are some approaching dangerous storms.
So we'll keep you posted. Meanwhile, down in South Carolina in the Lowcountry, it is looking much better.
Madison Scarpino is there; they cancelled the parade because of excessive heat.
So the parade that we were praying over got cancelled because of the weather. They didn't even have the parade.
More than 73 million Americans along the East Coast on this Fourth of July are under extreme heat alerts today, and that is causing delays or outright cancellations of several Fourth of July events.
Independence Day parades in Philadelphia and Washington D.C.
have actually been scrapped. Temperatures are just too dangerously high.
The Great American State Fair will reopen today. No fireworks in some cities.
Yes, I didn't know that. That's interesting. So on and on. But it's just interesting.
I thought, 'How is this going as I was praying for the FBI, Homeland Security, and the CIA—all our law enforcement—to uncover and discover basically any plots, plans, or pursuits across this land?'Praying over these areas for no mass casualties.
And I thought it was interesting because so many things were cancelled because of thunderstorms.
I thought that's wild. Do you have more to show them? Well, show me Philadelphia.
What about the one in Chicago? You talked about Chicago. If you don't, that's fine.
I'm going to move on. Was there anything else you wanted to show today? We see the Islamic...
they had the big funeral and throughout the 4th of July, they kept having huge massive gatherings in Iran for Death to America, chanting 'Death to America,'mad at America—all the things that are going on for our 250th anniversary for our country.
They were saying all these major things for the funeral for Ayatollah Khamenei. Do you have some of that? Yes. See that? Go ahead.
I wonder if these people are really grieving or if they're like the people of North Korea, where they're forced to, and if you don't act out, you're tortured or hurt really bad.
I wonder sometimes if they really knew him and if they were really grieving about this guy.
Some of them are in little boxes. I wonder who's in the box. I think it's cremated or something.
But Muslims don't get cremated, right? Is that just his pieces? That's weird.
So these are all the massive gatherings of the people just upset at America, saying 'Death to America.'And then they had the leader vow for revenge, calling for Trump's assassination.
They want him gone and they want somebody to take out our President.
So their leader was saying that they wanted revenge about that.
This man right here now. I don't know who this idiot is, but go ahead and play him. Can you hear him? Yes.
Could you ever have imagined that one day we'd be praying over the body of our martyred Mr.
Aname? I was just on my way here; I kept imagining that this wouldn't be the case.
We've always come here for Eid prayers like this, and the way this happened is unbearable for anyone.
He was one of a kind; there was no one like him. He touched all our hearts with his own heart. Now our hearts have stopped.
Reflect upon the tragic fate of Imam Hussein, the grandson of the prophet, peace be upon him, whose sacrifice remains a powerful symbol of justice and courage for all people.
It's been 37 years; my whole life has been with him. In this way, God willing, God will help.
The killers of our martyred Imam will not die a natural death, and the people will take this revenge.
The system will take this revenge, and it's unimaginable that the killers of our leader would walk the earth alive.
Revenge will be taken. That's all. So, we hear what they're saying, right?
He said he wants revenge; they want revenge. And so, they're all calling out for revenge.
That's why I think it's even more of a miracle that on the 250th anniversary, we had nothing as far as a covering and all the storms.
And I thought, isn't this interesting? But as they're protesting, they're in the streets.
They're upset about it, and because of our anniversary, they have the bodies in glass.
There's a lot of people; it says about 12 million. Twelve million people, wow.
Twelve million people as they were grieving their president and their Ayatollah.
So, they have things and they're throwing things at Trump. Do you understand why we're here today?
He's going to be in Turkey on their turf, so we must pray a hedge of protection on this.
I told you I saw the leader of Turkey as a vampire in the days ahead.
He puts on a cloak and he will take over the Black Sea and the strait coming out of the Black Sea.
I saw them beating their war drums in the days ahead against Israel and for a strike coming against Damascus.
I saw them beating their war drums and I saw them going to a wounded brother in the days ahead with Syria.
They were going alongside Russia because of an escalation of war.
Now, when I'm seeing the news now of what we saw back—was it this time last year—even some of the things the Lord has showed us over a year ago to pray about Turkey joining the war, Putin using unconventional weapons of war concerning Poland in the days ahead.
I said I saw him shooting a new kind of missile. And the Lord I said, 'Is this nuclear?'And the Lord said, 'This is not nuclear, but it is a weapon that has never been used before.'This is a new type of weapon that's never been used before.
And the Lord said, 'Watch Poland. Watch Warsaw. Watch this area, for there will be an escalation when Putin strikes Warsaw, Poland.'This will be the beginning of World War III of a major World War III.
And I saw America join in with this and I saw an escalation of things.
The Lord said, 'Pray for this.'Remember, does anybody remember?
And I said, 'Watch Poland.'Do you see the headlines in the news? Yeah. So, Russia planning attack on Poland.
And I said, when they strike Warsaw with a weapon that we've never seen before—and that's why I saw there would be a draft—I saw a draft for the United States of America because behind the scenes I saw North Korea being involved, Turkey being involved, and other allies concerning Russia to escalate using weapons that are bigger than the little rockets they're using right now.
I saw major stuff and so here we see this: 'Polish PM warns critical months ahead and faces a Russia threat,'and this is what the Lord showed us over a year ago.
I believe that's what it is. It's interesting because it's the same place.
So we see in part; a lot of times I don't have a clue. That's why prophetic is hard to me and I always say I'm not prophetic.
I see these things but I don't know the timing of it. He just gives me what I'm supposed to have to pray and I'm like, 'Wow.'And so, has it happened yet?
No, it hasn't happened yet, but they're talking about it and there's rumblings of it and it's in the news. And I'm like, if what I saw comes to pass, it's bad.
I saw the Tasmanian devil coming up out of the ground and I said, 'Who is this?'And he said, 'That's Apollyon.'And Apollyon came up out of the pit and started spinning around Putin.
And I saw him over his thinking, oppress him with 'war, war, war.'And I saw Apollyon come up.
And I saw an angel release the chains off of Apollyon. And Apollyon had a Viking outfit on.
And he shot up out of the ground. He was being held captive in a chamber and they had massive chains on him.
And I saw an angel release this demonic-looking thing with horns come up out of the ground and start spinning around. And he went right to Russia.
And I heard 'war, war.'And I saw as I saw this, a darkness came upon his face—not on the angel, but on the demonic thing, on Putin.
And then I saw them taking a bat signal with Hitler, trying to do satanic things to bring forth a Hitler spirit over Europe for a new World War III to turn into World War III.
And I saw the old tanks and the old things all throughout England and all these areas because of finances and things.
I saw major bankers that were behind this. They said, 'We want to bring forth the Mahdi.
We want to bring forth the Antichrist, and it will come through war,'is what their plan was.
And a plague—new plagues and famine and viruses and war go hand in hand.
All of it go together: wars, plagues, famine, all this. And you saw it in writing.
So, interesting, huh? So, we're seeing Poland now. And this is concerning Poland.
The Lord said, 'Watch Warsaw.'And so, are we afraid of this? I'm not. I know Jesus is coming.
I have an expectation for what's about to happen in my spirit.
Jesus Christ is coming. And he is bringing forth right now his key faces.
As I saw this in the spirit, I saw—and you know when I told you I saw—the Lord said, 'Don't hang around dead people.
Don't hang around dead stuff and try to let them influence you.
You influence them to come out of it.'Right? But I saw Ichabod on certain ministers'doorsteps.
Ichabod because they have detached themselves from the life source.
And as I was talking to one general yesterday, I saw blue coming off of the life source that looked like a sapphire that was attached to the umbilical cord of the navel of the belly of an individual.
And the life source had a three-stranded cord in this that was coming out of the Father.
As you were attached to the vine and you're the branch, you're attached to the vine.
It was going down and it went into the individual. But as it was there, it was feeding life.
Fresh Rhema, fresh revelation from him was coming as you are attached to him.
But it was three: it was two on top—two of the cords were on top—and one was on the bottom.
It went like this. And it was on a cord; a three-stranded cord is not easily broken.
But as I saw a cord that was attached to you as a believer, if you're attached to the life source of Jesus, you are flourishing.
But as I saw certain key figures of leaders who once were—I'll call it like that—have cut themselves off of the life source of him.
They had that umbilical cord wrapped around their feet in this vision as I was praying this weekend.
It was wrapped around the feet of the individuals that looked like something that was a yellow dried-up placenta cord, dead, lifeless, and it had an odor.
And I saw flies by it. And the Lord said, "You can camp around what was dead or you can camp around what is alive. It's your choice.
But if you keep camping around that which is dead, I have an Ichabod upon the doorstep."He said that will rub off on you.
I saw certain things. The Lord warned me. I saw people who were alive, and that fire was a blue flame that was coming out of the Father.
One individual said, "Is a blue flame hotter than any other flame?"I thought it would be red because things get red hot.
I said that's what happens to metal after its acceleration of heat, but a torch flame is blue. The hotter the flame, the bluer it is.
And I saw the blue coming out, looking like sapphires coming out of the Lord, feeding the individual with the Holy Ghost and fire.
And the Lord said, "It's time for the Body of Christ to get hot.
It's time for the remnant, for His eyes are running to and fro throughout the whole earth.
And He's choosing right now. His gaze is upon His generals. His gaze is upon the remnant.
And this is the final selection time, like it was with Gideon's army."Joshua's army?
No. When they were drinking down the water, He said they lap it up; they're 300 strong.
It doesn't take a lot to take a nation; it just needs obedience.
It just needs somebody to say, "Hey, I'm yielded."So what I'm trying to tell you is right now God is making His final cuts.
He's making His final selections. Will you make the cut? For many are called, but few are chosen.
That's what He said. "Many are called, Brandon, but few are chosen.
I have called a vast number of you, but will you make the final cut?
Will you make the final cut for what God is going to do in being a leader for Him in this end-time move?"And He said that to me: "As many are called, but few have been chosen to lead this last push."I am selecting this new dream team, what I call the basketball like it was in the Olympics.
He said, "I'm selecting my dream team. I'm bringing forth the end-time voices that are dead to self, that are alive unto me, and that are attached to me.
For those that have been cut off, I saw an umbilical cord wrapped around their feet and they were dead."And there was an Ichabod upon them. I saw an Ichabod. And the Lord said, "Don't be one of these.
Don't be like other men."When Oral Roberts went to school and he was up in Enid, Oklahoma, going to Bible school, he walked out and the Lord said, "Oral, don't be like these other men.
Separate yourself unto me."He talks about it all the time: "Who are you attached to?
Are you attached to me?"Don't worry about all these other people. You do what I tell you to do and you say what I tell you to say.
So right now He's making His final selections of His remnant, His warriors.
Right now the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart that is perfect toward Him.
Who are the end-time generals? Who are the end-time faces? The new Davids, the new Hannahs, the new Esthers, whoever will be the ones that say, "Here am I, Lord.
Use me."As the angel takes the coal out of the fire and places it upon the lips, will you be one of the ones that God can use because you have a clean heart?
"Create in me a clean heart, Lord. I want to be the apple of your eye.
Hide me under the shadow of thy wings."And that's what the Lord has been talking to me about for the last 24 hours.
He said, "I'm making my selections. I'm looking upon my troops.
I'm looking upon my bride right now."And He goes, "Many are called, but few are chosen."Many are called, Brandon, but few are chosen.
I'm looking to see: do you make the cut? I'm never going to be arrogant enough to say, "Well, of course I qualify."He's examining the people right now.
That's what He said to me. And you're about to see nobodies get a huge platform and become somebodies overnight.
And the people who thought they were something, they're going to be humbled.
There's a humbling coming to so much arrogance in the Body of Christ.
You think you're greater than others and you don't deflect; you have a big head, but it's not about you.
It's about Him. And the Lord said they've not deflected. They've not been obedient.
They whine. They complain. It's not about having a cushion in the bank.
It's about doing the Great Commission and bringing in the souls because Jesus Christ is coming.
He said, "I'm leaving the ninety-nine and I'm going after the one."And there's so much lukewarm and there's so much stagnant in the Body of Christ, and it is a stench to our Father.
It's time to arise and shine for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us to take this gospel into all the highways and the byways and telling people that Jesus Christ is coming and He's coming sooner than you think.
Diana had a prophetic dream and the rain was coming. People weren't paying attention. As there was rain rising as in the days of Noah, so will it be.
The rain was coming and people didn't see that the signs of the times were happening all around.
The water level was rising, and she said, "It's time to get in the plane. Jesus is coming.
We've got to get in the plane."And the dream was so detailed about where we are right now.
She said there were so many people that were not prepared for what was happening on the earth.
The rain came and they drowned. It was symbolic. Are you ready for the soon return of the Lord? Are you lukewarm?
He'd rather you be hot or cold, but I'm telling you, He's looking for a people who are hot for Him.
Do not be lukewarm and do not be cold. This is not a time to play church. This is a time to be all in.
It's a time to be looking at Him and going vertical with Him on a day-to-day basis: "Jesus, I'm all in. I need you.
I can't do this without you."So as we see these signs of war and rumors of war, and you see these articles and this stuff, it's time to be looking around.
It's time to pray as we pray for our President today. We have him saying he sounds like Obama.
Yeah, go ahead. Play these video clips real quick. Play that one about Obama and then speak.
Do you have it? Yeah, about what he said about Obama. It was dark. There was no color.
You had immigrants standing around him like this with a tiny little flag.
It's like, oh my god, you could have been so much better because the guy's talented.
He has a decent personality, but this thing did not deliver. I felt nothing.
You know, at least when other politicians talk, I feel hate, I feel happiness; I felt empty inside.
Maybe it's because he's so young and has literally done nothing before with his life that there didn't feel like there was anything behind it.
It kind of felt like he was the first Muslim mayor of New York reading a speech written for the first Black president. He was trying to be Barack Obama.
But Barack Obama, you know, he'd say that stuff was wrong with the country, but then he'd bring you up and then take you higher. This guy brought you here and then took you down.
Aesthetically, you're looking at a guy with a beard sitting still like this surrounded by immigrants and he's saying, "You're racist and we're coming for you."That's how a lot of America saw that speech.
So I've got to say something. My Mamdani, calm down, Mamdani.
All right, relax. No one's afraid of you. We don't like communism and we're going to beat it.
One of my favorite comments this morning was from Matt Whitlock, Joey, and he said that it was a 'dependence day'speech, not an Independence Day speech.
You know what's so funny is he's using, I guess... Okay, so what did the Lord say?
I saw a demonic empowerment coming from the devil to make him like Obama, a new Obama.
But as we were praying this last time, I saw a new Charlie Kirk trying to come for the Democrats, the liberals.
I saw it being funded by a certain billionaire and by a major politician that once was.
They wanted to make this man a poster child for a new 'Charlie Kirk'concerning the Democrats.
And I saw a planned thing to make it look like it was a radical right, but it was not.
And I saw his life was in danger from his own party because he's too far this way, and they wanted to bring it and lasso it back in. And I saw Gavin Newsom as the poster boy of the speech.
As Kamala Harris was breaking off to rebrand herself away from them, trying to connect herself with what she saw as the new and up-and-coming wisdom.
But they wanted to use him as a new Charlie Kirk for the radicals, and as this happened, I saw them burning New York down because of his life being gone.
I saw them burning buildings in New York. I saw the burning of Trump Towers.
I saw people rioting and pillaging the Northeast, freaking out.
Now, it didn't happen all over the nation; it was just up where his area is.
And they were acting stupid and burning everything down—cars, planes, whatever they got a hold of.
I'm just saying they were trying to riot. But I saw them trying to rally and ride a wave like Charlie Kirk's life.
And I'm not saying Charlie Kirk's life was a wave; it was a tragic event, but it brought forth revival.
His life brought so many people to Jesus after he passed. And what the devil meant for bad, God turned it around for good.
His tragic loss brought a lot of people to Jesus, right? They were trying to copycat.
I saw a copycat trying to be played out in the spirit when I was praying that day—a copycat for what they...
well, if it worked for them, it'll work for us. It didn't work for us.
This was a tragic event that God turned. What the devil meant for bad, God turned around for good.
See, it's a warped thinking. It's carnal thinking. A lot of these people are full of the devil.
They're demonically oppressed and possessed, and they yielded to the devil and sold their souls to him.
And so, we know that God has the victory and we're going to keep praying, but I'm trying to warn you all of planned events in the days ahead that I saw in the spirit, which we don't want to happen.
We pray for protection for everybody. I don't care if you're far-left, you're socialist, whatever. I pray for you to know Jesus.
I pray for God to touch your life and that you would have a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ and repent before you go to hell forever.
That's what my job is. We don't want any harm to happen to anybody.
All we know is that Jesus died for every single one of us, from the worst of the worst.
You know, Jesus died for Hitler. Jesus died for Stalin. Jesus died for Pharaoh...
No, he didn't. Pharaoh happened first, I'm going to say. But he would have died for Pharaoh.
Yes, Jesus dies for the worst of the worst. But Pharaoh happened before, right?
Jesus died for so many. But you know what? It's us that rejects him. He didn't reject us. It's us that turned our back on him.
Jesus is always there, an ever-present help in a time of need, with his arms wide open, saying, 'Come to me.
Come to me. I love you. I have a plan for your life.'So, I pray for our nation.
I pray for President Trump's covering today. For Cuba, I believe in the days ahead we'll be liberated.
I believe we're going to see a lot more than what people realize. Ezekiel 38 and 39, the Lord said, is standing at the door.
And so, as we continue to pray for these next six months going into the first of the year, now that we've passed the Fourth of July, we're praying for the World Cup.
Mexico lost last night and they were rioting and acting stupid.
This is what I saw: the green and white jerseys and people acting dumb.
This is them in LA. They're upset. People lost their lives last night because of it.
And this is what we were praying into. I said, 'Pray for the green and white jerseys.'So, right here.
And this is in LA. Go ahead. Is there foul language? I don't think so.
No, I think I watched this one. Shots fired. So they lost their life acting stupid in LA.
Four people hurt, at least three. Okay, so nobody died. They're rocking this car back and forth.
Well, people are just being dumb. Yeah, it could have turned out a lot worse, for sure. And then, interesting. Yeah.
And then he was saying how he doesn't think he should have given 35 engines for fighter jets to Turkey.
Very dumb. Do not trust Turkey. I'm telling you, he's going to turn into a vampire.
Watch what happens. But we pray for President Trump to have more discernment.
Turkey is bad. Hey, we put out a short yesterday, if you didn't see it, that went viral.
In one day it got 1.3 million views, then 1.7 million views. It happened in less than 48 hours.
We've had over 1.7 million views on it. Isn't that amazing? The Lord did that.
I said, 'Look at you, Lord.'1.7 million views. It's gone viral for us. That's huge.
France's Macron to visit Syria, the first French president to visit in 17 years.
And so the devil is going to meet the devil. I said the false antichrist, what I've told you that he'll be in the days ahead.
He will try to be the Ishmael to the real Antichrist. And so he is going and making his rounds.
He's visiting Syria. I said, 'Watch this man.'The man is bad. The Syria man is bad. And here he is. They're all buddies.
They're all, 'Oh, look at us holding hands again, giving hugs.'Even he is, you know, because Muslims are really against homosexuality.
He's like, 'Don't touch me.'He acts weird. Kind of weird in his face. You like that? It's kind of strange, isn't it?
Like, 'Don't grab onto my arms like that, bro.'He acts awkward in his face.
He's really happy about it because he's used to doing that in France.
He's like, 'Let's be friends.'The other guy's like, 'No, don't grab a hold of me.
It's awkward.'I don't know, it's kind of interesting. I wonder what kind of watch that is.
That's nice. All right, let's go ahead and pray now. Ready? Oh, volcanoes.
Braden... Huh? Yeah, that's Sicily, Italy. So, here's the volcano going off in Italy. That's a good find, son.
I said we're going to see an active volcano start to erupt by Venice, and I saw a major eruption.
And I saw a wizard, and I saw these things shaking, and a new lion come up out of there, and I saw the Vatican being shaken in the days ahead.
I don't know how far that is from all that, but Rome's further down.
But interesting, huh? Signs in the earth, signs in the heavens, signs all around us.
Jesus is coming. I'm excited. I get excited because I know our King is coming.
Okay, is that it? So, Father, we just thank you. Who wants to pray for a little bit?
We'll pray for President Trump. Pray over our time. How many we got here?
4,900 people. I know it's afternoon. I'm trying different time slots.
I know it's probably not the preferred time, but I thought, let's hit around lunchtime and see what happens and not do early in the morning.
Maybe people like early morning; I'm trying to figure out when people like the most.
I'm trying to be consistent and do things differently. It's almost noon Central—11:42 Central.
We've been on for 45 minutes, with 4,900 people. That's pretty good.
I'm trying to fish for new folks, faces that we've never seen before, and bring in a million-man and women prayer army.
Vietnam, South Africa today—is that where they're at? Yeah, they're saying where they're from.
Kenya. All kinds of different parts of the world. A lot of people in America are at work right now in the Central time zone, so they're all working.
You don't get a lot of Americans because they're working at their jobs.
A lot of people in different parts of the world are coming in: Zimbabwe, Tanzania.
It might be better at 6:00 when people get off work or early morning when people are getting ready for work, instead of now, unless you're just retired and at home.
If you're at your job, you're working. I'm just trying to figure out the pulse of it, trying to reach out for new faces.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for Your body. Take communion with me. We'll pray over President Trump a little bit here.
Father, I thank You for Your holy written word—uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood of Jesus over this prayer time today. I cover our President in the blood, and I cover us.
I thank You, Lord, that You died, You suffered, You rose again, and You did it all for us, Father, so that we don't have to be underneath the devil's foot, but he's under ours.
We have authority over him. We rise up, and we are blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out.
Greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world. A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
Father, right now, we take this body in the mighty name of Jesus.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise for everything You've done.
By the stripes of Jesus, we are healed. There's an expiration date for everything we've been believing for.
We call victory in Jesus, my Savior forever. He sought me and He bought me with His redeeming blood.
I like that one: 'Victory in Jesus.'Father, I thank You for the body.
I thank You, Lord, that we have victory in Jesus, my Savior forever.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we believe we receive everything that You've done for us.
Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We thank You, Lord, that there are no demonic spirits. There's nothing to come against us.
Father, in this prayer time, we cover our family, our house, and our finances.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are round about us.
They bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We take the blood and we apply the blood right now in Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord, that it never loses its power. Great is Your faithfulness to us.
Amen. I don't always try to do it the same way every single time. Who wants to get in a rut? Do things differently.
Make your relationships spontaneous and sporadic with the Lord. It doesn't have to be so rigid.
People are too religious; it's about relationship and friendship.
How would you treat your wife or your husband if you were the same way all the time and said the same thing?
It feels like it doesn't have meaning after a while. Say things from the heart.
When you say things from the heart to Him, there's intimacy in it.
Oh Jesus, I thank You for everything You've done for me. You're such a good God.
Change it up. If you seek Him, you will find Him. If you knock, the door will be opened unto you.
We've got to come up higher in our relationship with Him. Oh, victory in Jesus.
I heard an old, old story, how a Savior came from glory, how He gave His life on Calvary to save a wretch like me.
I heard about His groanings of His precious blood atoning. Then I repented of my sin and won the victory.
Oh, victory in Jesus, my Savior forever. He sought me and He bought me with His redeeming blood.
He loved me I knew Him and all my love is due Him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood.
Thank You, Father, that we have victory in You. Thank You, Father, that You are our champion.
Oh, victory in Jesus, my Savior forever. He sought me and He bought me with His redeeming blood.
He loved me I knew Him and all my love is due Him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Father, we have victory in You.
I heard about His healing, of His cleansing power revealing, how He made the lame to walk again and caused the blind to see.
And then I cried, 'Dear Jesus, heal my broken spirit.'And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory.
There's victory in Him. Oh, victory in Jesus, my Savior forever.
He sought me and He bought me with His redeeming blood. He loved me I knew Him and all my love is due Him.
He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Father, we're so grateful for the cleansing flood.
Oh, victory in Jesus, we have victory in Jesus today. Thank You, Lord, for the victory.
Thank You, Lord, that You overcame everything for us. We yield ourselves to You today, Holy Spirit, that You pray through us.
Teach us to pray. Help us to come up higher. I heard an old, old story, how a Savior came from glory, how He gave His life on Calvary to save a wretch like me.
I heard about His groanings of His precious blood atoning. Then I repented of my sin and won the victory.
Oh, victory in Jesus, my Savior forever. He sought me and He bought me with His redeeming blood.
He loved me I knew Him and all my love is due Him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood.
Father, what's on Your heart today? What would You want us to pray?
Not what we think we should be praying, but what is the true bullseye of the imminent, the pressing?
Holy Spirit, You are welcome in this place. Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place.
Lord, in Your presence, there's healing divine. No other power can heal, Lord, but Thine.
Holy Spirit, You are welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, You are welcome in this place.
For in Your presence, there's healing divine. No other power can heal, Lord, but Thine.
Holy Spirit, You are welcome in this place. Okay. He says ungodly alliances.
Trump would try to bring forth ungodly alliances, making covenants that he should not make in the days ahead.
Holy Spirit, I see a black line with a red line on top of it. It's concerning something.
Thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, You are welcome in this place.
Potent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, You are welcome here.
I see JD Vance and I see Jared, but I'm trying to figure out why Jared's there and he's dressed in black again.
Decisions against Israel in the days ahead would try to be a two-state solution.
Peace. This is a bad meeting. I see that Turkey's man's face.
Put him on a leash. Now you need to put him on a leash. He says, "You need to put Benjamin on a leash.
Tame this. You need to put him on a leash."He's talking to Trump, saying he's a dog.
"You need to put the dog on a leash. The Jew,"that's what he says.
I'm looking at him. He said this in a meeting, and I don't mean to be offensive.
I'm hearing this. Do not have ungodly alliances. Pray concerning ungodly alliances.
Covenants with the wrong covenant—undo that which was trying.
I see ungodly alliances and covenants trying to be made. You'll see this in the days ahead.
You'll see agreements being made. Turkey and Syria are trying to snare him in an ungodly alliance.
This is the devil. And I see Jared behind it. I see MBS. I see Egypt in the background.
It's concerning Iran. Turkey doesn't like Iran. I see they will do their own group over here.
And they're trying to bring Jordan into Turkey, Syria, Jordan, and Egypt.
I see parts of Afghanistan. There's something about Afghanistan.
This half over here is like the Wild West. This half they're trying to get.
It's trying to split away from Pakistan and Iran; it's pushing this over here.
"We'll do our own thing."Ungodly alliances. You don't know this is about Ezekiel 38 and 39.
This is about getting ready for Ezekiel 38:3. I see Russia. I see the hook in the jaw.
I see Ukraine. I see a divided Ukraine, split by Kyiv. They want to divide Ukraine.
He wants to break a peace agreement and Turkey wants to be behind it.
I see an escalation. Watch these meetings ahead. They're going to try.
We pray for protection over Trump. It's not just physical protection, but against being deceived.
It's an Antichrist-influencing spirit. The Lord said that he doesn't realize the pull without a prayer covering.
You underestimate your enemy because of a covering of the Antichrist spirit which has a great pull.
The nations will follow it and you're dealing with something on a different turf—a different turf concerning Israel and the days ahead.
This Antichrist covering has a pull. It makes you confused.
You agree to things that you don't realize you're agreeing to. It's like a vex. I see JD Vance with his arms folded again.
Remember I said he'll serve the pig on the platter, trying to do it this way?
JD Vance has a look on his face. Keep his mind clear, Lord. Let him serve the pig on the platter.
They are trying to grab a hold of his mind and bring confusion over him.
We call his mind to be clear and thinking straight, having a backbone like a crowbar.
He will not be swayed by tongues of serpents. Trump's mind is clear. He has the mind of Christ.
2 Timothy 1:7, "Father, we thank you, Lord, that God has not given him a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind."He has a sound mind to do business the way he needs to do it and to stand where he needs to stand.
He will not falter or alter. No bad alliances. It's concerning Syria, though.
Focus your attention on these meetings. There are bad things trying to be covenanted and the Lord doesn't want it. Serve a pig on a platter and get out of there.
I see him saying, "Put your dog on a leash."It's a demonic spirit like a vampire on the man of Turkey, and it's around Syria and the Islamic Brotherhood.
There's something very strong there. But this is where a Mahdi will come out of—the Mahdi from MBS.
He's been silent. He's not been real loud right now. MBS has been quiet.
It's about Gaza. I see Gaza in big. I see Gaza emboldened. What do we do with Gaza?
They present the plans. "We're going to build a golf course.
We want to build storefronts. We want to make it great again."We have a plan.
It's not the main focus. We pray over the President. Let him just stay home and rest.
Father, I thank you for divine delays. And I see out of the decisions that would try to be made, a major hurricane coming.
Stand on the right side of things. You will see an acceleration of the end times.
It's the month of July. You're seeing acceleration of the end times through September 11th.
It's unfolding in front of your face. I see a courtyard with a stone water fountain in the middle.
There's mosaic tile on the ground. It's a beautiful stone area that's open and there's a fountain in the middle of it.
It almost looks like artwork. And I see these red eyes as they glow.
It looks like a copper face that has been colored, like the Statue of Liberty, but it has red eyes that look like rubies.
They glow with this demonic black around them. And it's in the fountain.
I see a nuclear explosion and a mushroom cloud. We take authority over you in the name of Jesus.
We have peace over this nation and peace over this natural hurricane.
Concerning the state of Florida, it's a big one with a big wall of eye.
I see the eye is very clear and it's down by Miami. I see a massive hurricane there.
It's turning and moving up like this. It will look like it's man-made, even the way it's steered.
It will look like it's being controlled; it's steered so weirdly and erratically.
It's moving so strangely. This is so strange; look how it's moving. It's almost like it's being moved on a joystick.
They'll say today, we pray over the decisions that he makes this week.
Jesus, there's just something about your name. Thank you, Lord.
Now I'm seeing Colorado for some reason. I see we take authority over arsonists.
A covering over Colorado and Wyoming; a covering against fires and an uncovering of arsonists.
No fires over Colorado, Wyoming, or Salt Lake City. In Jesus'name, we call rain.
We call for the rain in Jesus'name. Unusual rain and unusual snowfalls, even in September.
We come against fires in the name of Jesus. You'll not burn it; you'll not do it. Arsonists uncovered in Jesus'name.
He looks kind of Latino, but I believe he's not; he is Middle Eastern, his skin color is olive skin.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you've got this. We call in the rain over Montana.
I don't know if they even need rain, but I'm calling it in because I see fire.
We call in the rain and that there be no arsonists. I know we need rain here sometimes, but right now we've had a lot.
We're believing God for their rain, too; that you'll bring rain in this area and where there's drought.
For God is the God of rain; He is the abundance of rain. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
This is even in the panhandle of Florida. We call rain in Florida.
I don't know why, but I see rain in Florida—good rain, not the destructive rain from this hurricane.
We call good rains, no droughts. I hear the Lord say they're regrouping because of what happened over the weekend.
Pray for confusion in the camp of the regrouping. We pray over Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Kai.
We pray a hedge of protection over these kids in Jesus'name.
No weapon formed against them will prosper; every tongue that rises against them we condemn.
We thank you, Lord, that they will live long and finish strong.
Father, I thank you that a thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but it will not come nigh them.
I'm back in the Oval Office. Lift up President Trump before you, Father.
He is covered by the blood. I see the lobbying and bad actors against the Save America Act.
It's stronger against the Save America Act than it is the Clarity Act.
The Clarity Act will pass; there are only a couple of hiccups. But JP Morgan is raising up a fuss.
It's the lobbying with the banks, but they're losing their stronghold.
But the Save America Act has a pretty big hill. I want to look at that deeper. Lord, I yield.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, there's just something about your name, Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Jesus, Jesus, let all heaven and earth proclaim: kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name.
What is it about Arkansas? It's the earthquake. Why are you showing me the earthquake now?
I want to go back to the Clarity Act. He said, 'Am I in control?'Yes, you are. I see a shaking on the Mississippi.
He said, 'A shaking on the Mississippi,'but it will not be a great one; this is a warning.
I see a 4.5 epicenter on the Mississippi, with 3.5 and 2.3 shakes nearby.
Very clear vision. It will shake, and you'll even start to feel the tremors in Philly.
I see the Liberty Bell. I see the crack; it's what it represents.
Christians United for Israel are praying. I see the storm. I see the trees.
You're entering into a time like you've never seen before—great acceleration from shore to shore.
Great acceleration from shore to shore. It will culminate.
You've entered into a time like you have never seen before. Great acceleration from shore to shore.
When we enter into 9/11, between now and 9/11, it's another threshold.
When we enter the time of 9/11, it's another threshold. And I see a fat snapping turtle at the top of it.
I see a fat, almost obese snapping turtle. You say, 'What's that look like?'I'm talking—this snapping turtle is fat.
It has eaten a lot, its fat face is there, and it is lying on its back.
A turtle can't lie on its back, right? It's lying back and it's balanced upon a thread of a pin.
It looks like a black sewing needle on a spinning wheel. You know, like in Cinderella where she pricked her finger.
It's a black steel thing and the turtle is balanced on this black sewing needle on a spinning wheel, like the needle on a sewing machine.
And the snapping turtle is balanced on this, concerning 9/11.
It has a shell and a yellow belly with a fat face. What does that mean? And the Lord said, 'Acceleration, acceleration.
Another step, another tier concerning 9/11, Rosh Hashanah.'You're entering into a time that you've never seen before.
From sea to sea, you're entering into a time with decisions from the judges concerning the elections. And I see a leaf that has lost its chlorophyll.
Whenever you see a leaf where you can see its pigment is fading, and you can see through it because the leaf loses its green and looks almost transparent.
I see the veins of the leaf. The veins are the life source; it looks like veins in a human body.
It's green, but it's transparent through the leaf on certain parts of it.
Concerning the judges. I see the woman, the turncoat, the one that's bad—Amy Coney.
I see her face. She's being driven this way; her eyes have dark circles.
She's being driven this way. It's a spirit. She's double-minded.
But her heart—there's a force driving her. But I see the purity of what once was.
There was some purity there. I see a dark splitting in half. You see black and you see good.
You see evil versus good. And I see a storm, but I see good. And I see a crying inside, a hole in the soul.
And a leaf that is becoming transparent, losing its pigment. It's an olive leaf. The Lord said, 'That's an olive leaf.
Brandon, that is an olive leaf.'Where does it lose this pigment?
It's at the stem and it's spreading this way, leaching into the whole olive leaf.
But the veins look like there's life in them, but it's becoming transparent and it's turning left.
The Lord said you need to say which side is turning: the left is turning and becoming transparent.
Concerning Amy, the left is becoming transparent. The right is still there, but it's fading to the left with veins.
The veins are not dominant; they're losing their color from the right. So, the left is taking over.
The Lord said, 'Do you see the left?'The leaf is fading from left to right concerning Amy.
And I see a woman who is divided, and her heart is becoming dark.
And I see a storm and a black line. And I see the soul is tormented with the decision.
She's weeping on the right side; her face is crying and a darkness is coming upon her eyes.
This is concerning the Supreme Court judges. The Lord says, 'Pray for Clarence Thomas.'Pray for his health.
All's not lost, Brandon. It will be like dominoes. You are holy, holy, holy Lord. How awesome is your name.
And I cry, 'Holy, holy, holy Lord, how majestic is your name.'And I cry, 'Holy, holy, holy Lord, how awesome is your name.'And I cry, 'Holy, holy, holy Lord, how majestic is your name.'And we are changed in the presence of a holy God.
And I cry, 'Holy, holy, holy Lord, how awesome is your name.'And I cry, 'Holy, holy, holy Lord, how majestic is your name.'And we are changed in the presence of our holy God.
And I cry, 'Holy, holy, holy Lord, how awesome is your name.'And I cry, 'Holy, holy, holy Lord, how majestic is your name.'Father, I thank you in the presence of a holy God.
Thank you. How majestic is your name. And I am changed at the presence of a holy God. I am changed. And we go from glory to glory.
Today we go from glory to glory and I cry, 'Holy, holy, holy God, how awesome is your name.'And I cry, 'Holy, holy, holy God, how majestic is your name.'And I am changed in the presence of a holy God.
As we go from glory to glory, he's changing us into his likeness and image to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. We praise you, Father, in the name of Jesus. It's like giving the Lord a big hug today.
I just want to sit in his lap and give him a hug and say thank you for being who you are.
Thank you for always being a rock that we can come to. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He is our rock, and we will run to that strong tower today. He is our rock, our shelter, our secret place.
And we run to you, and he changes us from glory to glory. There is none like our Father.
He is holy and he is awesome. Father, we thank you for this opportunity to pray today.
We pray for every single person today as they're believing for their miracles.
We believe that today they have an expiration date for what they're believing for.
From the top of the head to the soles of their feet, they're delivered from everything the devil has thrown at them.
They're healed and whole and well by the stripes of Jesus. They're delivered mentally, emotionally, physically, financially, and every area of their life.
We apply the blood of Jesus over them. And we thank you, Lord, that they are healed and whole and well.
We thank you, Lord, they are healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that the storm winds are at peace in every area.
They may have gotten a bad report and the doctor says you've got days to live.
You may have gotten a financial report and they say you're going to have to file bankruptcy.
I believe that God is the God that can turn it around on a dime, that nothing is impossible to him who believes; and that if you've got a bad report today or some kind of financial thing or whatever it may be, I believe that God is more than enough to meet you right where you are.
And he says, "Hey, I'm going to turn it around."He's able to turn it around. I believe it.
It's time to believe him for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
And I thank you, Lord, to bring you out of that pit of despair, put you on the right path, to turn that frown upside down, to say, "Hey, it's time to come up higher with the fire, with the glory."We take off the beggar's cloak of our life and say, "Jesus, we thank you, Lord, that you're the restorer of everything the cankerworm ate.
We call back sevenfold what the devil stole. We call back double."I'll just tell you, I'd be excited with double, but I'm saying there will be a lot if we believe God for sevenfold.
Hey, believe God for big. Be so expensive that you'll be too expensive for the devil to mess with.
I've heard some preachers say, "I'll be too expensive for the devil to mess with because I'm calling back restoration, restitution for everything you've stolen from me—mental, emotional, physical, financial."I believe there's restitution.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the restitution in their lives today.
We thank you, Lord, that this will be the day that the Lord has made, and we rejoice and be glad in it.
As we enter into the rest of this day, we give you praise and glory. We give you honor.
We thank you, Lord, for the goodness and mercy that are following us all the days of our life, and we're dwelling in the house of the Lord forever.
We thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer. We thank you, Lord, that you're protecting President Trump.
And we thank you, Lord, that it's to be continued until the next day.
But God, we give you praise and glory for this time of prayer today.
And in the name of Jesus, amen and amen. Well, I thank you for joining me for these two hours.
I appreciate your two hours of time. We praise the Lord for all that.
What's going on here? Time. I said they will invade in the middle of the night.
Watch what happened. I said they will invade Havana in the middle of the night when it's dark.
They will use a cyberattack. I said Cuba will be liberated in a cyberattack and it'll be dark against their power grid.
What are they saying? Can we hear it? This just in and breaking moments ago: Cuba has suffered an island-wide blackout.
This is happening as its fuel reserves dwindle and its electric grid continues to crumble.
They say the cause is under investigation. This is the second blackout this year.
The country relies on getting 60% of its oil from outside of the country.
Cuba only produces, I believe, about 40% of the fuel that it needs. You're talking about 10 million people affected by this.
It's obviously affecting the hospitals there and the lives of so many.
So, we're going to continue monitoring that developing story.
You feel that strong, don't you? I feel a pause on that. Liberation is coming.
Yep. In the middle of the night. Watch, watch, watch. We call a major revival over Cuba. We thank you, Lord, for revival over Cuba.
Father, we call for our troops to cover every innocent civilian in the name of Jesus, that it will be quick.
That prosperity will come to Cuba and the dictators will be removed.
A free election for Cuba to be a prosperous nation in Jesus'name.
Freedom, freedom, freedom over Cuba. I see a storm cloud parting over Cuba.
I see a storm cloud parting. Even before November, we call for the storm cloud parting.
It's in spite of—it's because of November—running out of time.
We have to get all these major things done before the election in November because he knows he is concerned about losing it to make all these major decisions before the month of November.
Every secret intelligence to be accurate. All the intelligence to know which intelligence is false and right.
For the tunnels to be found, the bunkers to be found. He's like Saddam; he'll be like Saddam.
It's not just him; it's strategic people, and they'll be like Saddam Hussein.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you bring it to pass. Cuba will be liberated in Jesus'name.
And so everybody say "amen"to that—that Cuba will have a major revival, 10 million people just like you said.
Think about that. That's going to be amazing. A lot of people coming to Jesus—a major revival coming all over Cuba.
Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. There's a lot more we could pray.
We could pray all day long, y'all, but I know there's a lot of you that have things you've got to do.
It's one o'clock; I try to keep you about two hours. I just go on and on, flowing with the Holy Spirit, praying over things, praying over our nation.
We love y'all. I want you to come back tomorrow with me. Please come back and pray with me tomorrow.
We'll keep praying over things as I keep filling up and praying over our week, praying over President Trump.
I believe he goes tomorrow night, tonight, tomorrow, whatever.
Yeah, praying over our president, praying over his protection, and that he doesn't make bad alliances, as we've prayed into that a lot today.
So, God bless you all. Again, thank you for being here. If you could like, subscribe, and click the notification bell to be a part of our prayer team here.
We're growing, and I'm trying different time frames. I have 5,700 people here right now in the middle of the afternoon.
So, I know you are more than likely either watching at work, or you're retired, or you're hanging out with your kids on a day off.
I'm just thankful you're here from different parts of the world.
We continue to grow and do different things; we're reaching the nations and touching lives, all of it for Jesus.
All right. Well remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.